Support Settings (a.k.a. Input JSON Description) in @nomiclabs/hardhat-vyper (#4872)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: packages/hardhat-vyper/README.md

};
```

> You can also configure multiple versions of the Vyper compiler together with the compiler settings properties evmVersion (supported starting from Vyper 0.3.8) and optimize (supported starting from Vyper 0.3.10).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure multiple versions of the Vyper compiler, including the compiler settings `evmVersion` (available from Vyper 0.3.8) and `optimize` (available from Vyper 0.3.10).
```

Author: I changed it, but with a different phrasing
